The score of Infinite Freedom has more details, all that you can look at.
But this is according to Hinti for the Hiramuki, Mehir here, and this is
that the whole teaching is summarized into five groups.
And the first one is how this teaching happened, how that happened,
happened, the teaching happened.
And then this teaching kind of accelerated the joy and appreciation
by the regular mantras.
And then, and the samsara and nirvana are the same,
but it has two results that maybe they get that realization.
And then how samsara and nirvana are begin to separate
or taking different directions, how that happened.
And that again, reuniting, and then, and so kind
of detailed explaining how that the division of the samsara and nirvana
and maybe understand what that meaning.
So each prayer, you know, wishing, with aspiration prayer,
wishing we may return back to the old days.
So prefer from the delusions or prefer from the samsaras.
So that is kind of going totally explained.
And then the end is concluding that with it,
again with more instructions of this praise.
So those are the really summarized teaching of the entire of this, this.
And now, here, the beginning of this prayer, and that is actually,
many times the prayer, this is written in the end,
but according to the Thema, Thema teaching of this Guru Mahārājī thing,
and this is, I think at the beginning, or maybe it's also in the end too,
but also is in the beginning.
And that is the Kundasam prayer, if you have that and open that.
Thus, it says, "From the center, we clearly show the unimpeded realization
of the Buddha Kundasambhu in the general perfection.
This is, oh yeah, this is the ninth chapter, I think we can say.
This is the ninth chapter,
"The prayer that will lead sentient beings to the enlightenment state
without any choice."
So that is, I think it's in the beginning too.
According to the Kṛṣṇa tradition, here, at the beginning time,
and that is summarized in the title of these practices,
or in the title of this prayer, and that is so.
And now, again, I do go over this.
This is the Buddha Samanabhadi prayer.
And if we do these practices, if we do these meditations,
then what is with us?
Thus, it will instantly reverse the samsara immediately
and reach to Buddhahood, or it will lead us back
to the ordinary states without any choice.
And so that is the word. That means there is no more delusions.
No more if a delusion begins, then samsara ends right there, there.
So that means that moment will recognize
of this reason of all these delusions of the samsaras,
and then relaxing in the natural state of our own ordinary mind,
that moment we are really reversing samsara or reversing it.
Immediately we liberate it.
And when we liberated that all, then what?
Then it's enlightened states, enlightened states.
So now, of course, how long we can keep this?
This is our, again, question for us, being that, again,
we have to keep these practices.
Practice again and again with mindfulness, alertness.
We have to keep continuing.
So that is, and this is a very powerful phrase.
Because why it's powerful?
Because it touches the whole of the true nature,
the whole of the source of the samsara,
and the whole of the enlightenment.
It really touches.
The division of the samsara and the nirvana
or the enlightenment in the samsara, there's not big divisions.
There's not big divisions.
Only is our grasping mind, if it's false, then it's samsara.
If don't hold and let go, then it's nirvana.
So therefore, this is so powerful phrase.
That's what he said.
And so this is.
And the next one, as we continue, we'll say it here.
The powerful vegetables that encouraging or accelerating
of the joy and appreciation.
And that is, is then this syllable whole in the beginning
of this prayer.
This is whole.
So generally, whole in the samsara world,
the whole in the samsara world, whole is expression of joy,
expression of the appreciations.
But this time, why we accelerate the joy
or the expression of the joy?
Because now we discover samsara, nirvana,
is not something part different, part distance.
It's right in our own state of the mind.
We have the perfect opportunities,
perfect cover balance to change where the samsara is
and to be in the nirvana or to enlightenment status.
So therefore, samsara is not outside.
Samsara, nirvana is not outside.
And both are, it's only the matter of the mind, how we act.
Therefore, it is great discover, great finding.
For that reason, how wonderful, how grateful.
This is the teaching of the great teacher,
Buddha Shakyamuni and Gaurupa and Masambha's teaching.
How wonderful.
We really now can discover this.
This nature, how easily and beautiful.
So that is really experience.
And now why you get all this, the joy and the appreciate?
Then explaining this here, here.
Next one is what?
Next one is the, is the, I think I won't,
maybe if I go back while they said here, can we see this?
Yeah, here, the prayer of the samsara and nirvana,
one source, trip out and to resort.
Kind of really explaining that.
So that is what it is.
Next electronic.
So that means samsara.